Hi, this is a question for exercise 78. You know if you were planning to write a Web app with Python
and you'll have users logging into your system and you want to generate a password for all these users,
so you want to generate random passwords with Python,
how would you do it?
So the question for this exercise is to create a program that generates a password of six random alphanumeric
characters in this range in here. So letters of the alphabet and numbers, and big letters, and
also these characters.
So let me demonstrate the program.
You execute it.
It creates a string password of six characters, you execute it again. Every time you execute it
you get a different password there, a random one.
So please do that if you can and I'll talk to you later.